.TH Retro 1 "" ""

.SH NAME
Retro - A numerical laboratory.

.SH SYNTAX
xretro [-f font] [-g font] [-s KB] [-geom geometry]
 [-d display] [-0..15 color] [ files ]

retro-cli [-s KB] [-q] [ files ]

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
-f font
Specifies the font name for text output.
.TP 8
-g font
Specifies the font name for graphic text.
.TP 8
-s number
Specifies the number of KBytes for the user area of Euler.
.TP 8
-geom geometry
geometry is the geometry of the euler window in standard form.
.TP 8
-number color
Sets the color number to a color name.
.TP 8
-q quiet: no input is echoed to stdout, only output are printed to stdout enabling Retro to be used as a filter
.TP 8
files
Specifies input files for Retro. Default extension is ".e".

.SH PURPOSE
Retro is a Matlab(R) style numerical laboratory. It is capable of
numerical mathematics with real or complex scalars, vectors or
matrices. It can produce graphics in 2D or 3D. The built in programming
language can be used to define functions, which can be loaded from
external files. Many useful numerical algorithms are contained in the
code. Others are contained in the setup file and written in the Retro
language.

.SH USAGE
This version of Retro has a single window. The user can switch between
the text and graphics output with the TAB key. Old text output may be
accessed by the page up and pyge down key. Pointer usage is restricted
to the mouse function.

For details on the use of euler see the file retro.md.

.SH FILES
.TP 12
retro
The program.
.TP 12
retro.cfg
The configuration file, which in turn loads "util.e".
.TP 12
*.e
Retro language files. Important examples are "util.e" and
"demo.e"
.TP 12
retro.md
The documentation.

.P
On this system, retro is a shell script, which envokes the retro program
and sets the directory to $HOME/.retro/progs. Scan this directory for
the "*.e" and "*.md" files.

